OK
Yeah
Oh, we about to get it just a lil hot and sweaty in this mu'fucka (oh, baby)
Ladies let's go
Soldiers let's go (Dolls)
Let me talk to y'all and just you know give you a little situation
Listen (fellas)

You see this shit get hot
Every time I come through
When I step up in the spot (are you ready?)
Make the place sizzle like a summertime cookout
Prowl for the best chick, yes I'm on the lookout (let's dance)
Slow banging shorty like a belly dancer with it
Smell good, pretty skin, so gangsta with it (oh, baby)
No tricks only diamonds under my sleeve
Gimme the number, but make sure you call before you leave

I know you like me (I know you like me)
I know you do (I know you do)
That's why whenever I come around
She's all over you
And I know you want it (I know you want it)
It's easy to see (it's easy to see)
And in the back of your mind I know
You should be on with me

Don't cha wish your girlfriend was hot like me?
Don't cha wish your girlfriend was a freak like me?
Don't cha?
Don't cha?
Don't cha wish your girlfriend was raw like me?
Don't cha wish your girlfriend was fun like me?
Don't cha?
Don't cha?

Fight the feeling (fight the feeling)
Leave it alone (leave it alone)
'Cause if it ain't love
It just ain't enough to leave my happy home
Let's keep it friendly (let's keep it friendly)
You have to play fair (you have to play fair)
See I don't care
But I know she ain't gonna wanna share

Don't cha wish your girlfriend was hot like me?
Don't cha wish your girlfriend was a freak like me? (like me)
Don't cha?
Don't cha baby? Don't cha
Alright, sing
Don't cha wish your girlfriend was raw like me? (Raw)
Don't cha wish your girlfriend was fun like me? (Big fun)
Don't cha?

Ok, I see how it's goin' down (ahh, don't cha)
Seems like shorty wanna little menage pop off or something (let's go)
Well let me get straight to it
Every broad wan watch a nigga when I come through it
It's the god almighty, looking all brand new
If shorty wanna jump in my ass then vanquish
Looking at me all like she really wanna do it
Tryna put it on me till my balls black an blueish
Ya wanna play wit ah playa girl then play on
Strip out the Chanel and leave the lingerie on
Watch me and I'mma watch you at the same time
Looking at ya wan break my back
You're the very reason why I keep a pack ah the Magnum
An wit the wagon hit chu in the back of tha magnum
For the record, don't think it was something you did
Shorty all on me 'cause it's hard to resist the kid
I got a idea that's dope for y'all
As y'all could get so I could hit the both of y'all

See I know she loves you (I know she loves you)
I understand (I understand)
I'd probably be just as crazy about you
If you were my own man
Maybe next lifetime (maybe next lifetime)
Possibly (possibly)
Until then old friend your secret is safe with me

Don't cha wish your girlfriend was hot like me?
Don't cha wish your girlfriend was a freak like me? (Like me)
Don't cha?
Don't cha baby? Don't cha
Alright, sing
Don't cha wish your girlfriend was raw like me? (Raw)
Don't cha wish your girlfriend was fun like me? (Big fun)
Don't cha?
Don't cha?