When the whole world seems wrong
Just learn the words of a simple song,
Of blue skies above,
Be a troubadour and all is love.
When April showers stray
The silver lining will come they say,
And singin' in the rain's the thing
That those happy days again will bring.

So, everybody sing, everybody sing!
Let the sound of your voice turn winter to spring.
Everybody's gay, everybody's gay!
Oh, say can't you hear the orchestra play?
Everybody sing, everybody start!
You can't go wrong with a song in your heart.
Everybody sing, get into the swing,
Get happy, everybody sing.

Yeah, everybody sing, come on now, everybody sing!
Let the sound of your voice turn winter to spring.
Everybody's gay, everybody's gay!
Oh, say can't you hear la-da-de-oo-de-lay-de-lay-o?
Everybody sing, everybody start.
You can't go wrong with a song in your heart.
Everybody sing, come on now get into that swing
Go Do Re Mi Fa So La Si Do
Do Re Mi Fa So La Si Do

Everybody sing, everybody sing!
Let the sound of your voice turn winter to spring.
Sing before breakfast, help the birdies along.
Before you have your buttered toast, have a song.
Sing before breakfast, never quiet a thing.
Before you eat your shredded wheat, sing, sing, sing!

Sing a song of sixpence, pocket full of rye
Four and twenty blackbirds baked into a pie.
When the pie was opened and set before the king,
Four and twenty blackbirds started into sing.
Sing a melody of love, a song will win your lady fair.
Sing a song that mentions love and you will yi-yi-yi-yi-yi-yi-yi-yi.

Sing a song of cheer again,
The skies above will be clear again,
Those happy days are here again,
Sing a song of cheer again.
If you worry, if you fret, if you're getting deep in debt,
Let your frown turn summerset, get yourself a good quartet.
In the evening by the moonlight
You can hear those darkies singin'.
Sing good, sing bad,
Sing loud, sing soft,
Sing sweet, sing hot,
Sing!

Everybody sing, everybody sing!
Let the sound of your voice turn winter to spring.
Everybody's gay, everybody's gay!
Oh, say can't you hear la-da-de-oo-de-lay-de-lay-o?
Everybody sing, everybody start.
You can't go wrong with a song in your heart
Everybody sing, get into the swing,
Go Do Re Me Fa So La Si Do
Get Happy, get happy
And everybody sing!