I was at the bar with my drinkin' team,
It was me Jack Daniels and my homey Jim Bean.
We were kinda blitzed and we were trying to behave Y'all
when in walked a soldier he was from the fuzzy naval.
We were fallin', stumbli'n, crawlin'
her come da police, Captain Tom Collins,
and the rapper said freeze
he said "hands in the air and hand over your keys"
now we did, and that was kinda simple,
now here came Margarita and her friend Shirley Temple.
I asked my friend 'bout Margarita,
he said Shirley was a virgin and I wouldn't wanna meet her.
So I talked to Margarita, cause you, she was flyer
I took her to the coast cause I wanted to Screw Driver.
Now I'm not one for a speech,
but there was plenty of Tequila and Sex On The Beach, Y'all.

Tequila
Te-Te-Te - Tequila
Tequila

Here we go again and Im not fussin',
see I'm a French-Mexican but I can get with White Russians,
at the bar with a drink in my hand.
In walked Jose Cuervo what was margaritas man.
I talked to the wise man cause, yoh he's distinguished.
His name was St. Ives and he spoke in old English.
He said "you'd better think fast,
cause Jose is kinda crazy and I heard he Shot Glas
He gave me some advice and it went like this:
"catch the night train and head up to 'cisco"
I didn't wanna stick around,
I caught the 1:51 to New York, the Grey Hound.
Now I'm at the Red Zone, everybody's stylin'.
Was sippin Ice Teas on Long Island.
I blacked out and the party came to a halt,
'Cause I was drinking the Tequila with the lemon assault Y'all

Tequila
Te-Te-Te - Tequila
Tequila

I woke up in the morning and felt like a Zombie,
the Tequila Gold Label had bombed me.
You see I woke up late and wasn't feelin' so great,
And Mike said there's a Bicardi party startin' at eight.
Yo we walked in the party and started playin our games,
we played tops, fuzzy quarters, with Bartles & James.
Here came Shirley Temple and they told me to chill,
because the Mickey Brothers took her up to strawberry hill.
They took her $1000 mink and she could barely think,
cause the Tequila that she drank had her tickled pink.
Now the music came on and I rocked the instrumental.
There's a groupie named Mai Tai, a fly oriental.
A groupie is a girl that jocks,
She wore the def Black Velvet and drank Scotch on the Rocks.
We had a fake marriage, now here's to honeymoon,
Ya zone vagabond and the Blue Lagoon.
Now everybody take a word from the wise,
A girly and a bottle, Tequila Sunrise.

Tequila
Te-Te-Te - Tequila
Tequila
Tequila
Te-Te-Te - Tequila
Tequila